[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Goku and Frieza found
themselves alone
on Planet Namek
as it teetered on the
brink of destruction.
[GOKU] I ve been waiting
for this moment...
for a really long time now...
and I m not about to
let it pass me by.
Hand-to-hand combat, eh...?
Oh, alright My, this really is
important to you, isn t it?
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR] Duel on a Vanishing
Planet! The Final Showdown!
[GOHAN]
Hey, Bulma!
Gohan...? Is that you?
What s the big idea?!
You left me...!
I can t believe you ran off
and left me alone again
Yeah, I m sorry about that.
Where are we?
I don t recognize any of this.
I don t know, but it sure
doesn t look like Namek.
The last thing I remember
I was on board the spaceship.
That s weird... Where do
you think the spaceship went?
It s it s you again.
Goku!
Piccolo!
Gohan.
You re really here...!
And so is Dende.
Wait... Hold on. Oww!
Guess I m not dreaming!
I know I had a hard
time believing it as well.
So is Krillin here, too?
I haven t seen him.
Maybe he didn t make it.
[NAMEKIAN A]
It... It s the Grand Elder!
[DENDE AND GOHAN]
Did he say Grand Elder ?
I m struggling to comprehend
what you could possibly
be trying to accomplish...
What a pathetic little display!
We ve got different ideas
about what s pathetic...
cause if you ask me,
pathetic is a monster like you
getting beat by a
Saiyan monkey like me.
I admire your ability to
continue making threats
even though we both
know how empty they are,
but it s starting to get old!
This may come as a
bit of a shock
but the planet we find
ourselves on is Planet Earth.
Wha--?!
Earth...? Wait, then...
then we re home?!
Something truly incredible
has happened here.
Listen to me, everyone. Our
time together is short.
Before much longer I will
once again be called away.
But before I go, it s
important for all of you
to know just how we
came to be here.
So that explains where we are,
but what about
Frieza and Kakarot?
Wait... are you telling me
Frieza and my dad
are still on Namek?
Did it explode yet...?
If it hasn t,
there s still a chance
he s okay, right?
Unfortunately... I can
no longer sense
what s happening on Namek
The distance is far too great.
Goku
[PICCOLO]
Don t worry about him.
[GOHAN]
Why not?
[PICCOLO]
Your father will be fine.
I hope you re right about that.
Come back, Dad.
Please, Goku
Be careful out there.
Goku.
Please dad !
The mighty Frieza will
not succumb to a monkey!
Especially not
a filthy Saiyan ape!
[KING KAI]
Goku! Can you hear me?
[TIEN] What is it, King Kai...?
What s the matter?
[KING KAI] It s incredible.
They re so evenly matched.
Goku is keeping up with
Frieza blow-for-blow!
But they re running
out of time.
Namek will explode
any moment now!
If they don t stop fighting
like this-- and soon--
Goku doesn t stand a chance!
But... you just said
he was doing fine.
Mmm... Namek will eventually be
destroyed... When it is...
Goku is finished. But Frieza
is as comfortable in space
as he is on land.
[YAMCHA] But King Kai,
th-there has to be
something we can do
to save Goku, right?
Goku choose this path
and he must walk it alone.
It s not fair.
Yamcha.
[YAMCHA]
Goku!
Please no.
Well, Saiyan? Are you
having second thoughts about
challenging a superior
warrior to battle?
I cannot be defeated!
Not by you or anyone!
You monkey!
May I ask what you re doing,
Miss Bulma?
This... is botanomancy ...
and I learned how to do it
when I was just a little girl...
Let s say someone you know
is traveling and you want
him to come back safely.
You put three leaves inside
a circle and start a fire
If all the leaves burn up,
you know your friend is on
his way, safe and sound.
Oh... You re trying to divine
what happened to Goku
[DENDE]
May I help?
[BULMA] Look! They re burning!
Guys, this is a good sign!
[DENDE] So Goku must be
coming here soon!
That s right...! I m telling
you the leaves never lie
[GOHAN]
That s a bunch of baloney!
My dad is coming back home!
He said he would!
That s right, Gohan!
Just wait and see...
He s gonna beat Frieza...!
He ll be back here
before you know it.
[FRIEZA LAUGHING]
Well, now Satisfied?
[GOKU]
Is that the best you can do?
What?!
I said, is that
the best you can do?
Watch your tongue!
[FRIEZA]
Where is he?
You dare to challenge me!
You! You will be repaid
a hundredfold for
every last impertinent
attack This I swear!
Your time is up, Saiyan!
It s done.
What do you mean, done ?
Well...? Answer me, ape...!
Why are you giving up?
You ve been coming at me
with everything you ve got,
but it s finally caught up with
you and your power level is
falling fast. The fact is,
I don t see the point in
fighting you anymore.
Your pride is already shot and
in the end, I guess that s good
enough for me You were
so sure of your own power that
you never imagined anyone in the
universe could bring you down.
Especially a Saiyan. Now you
know what failure feels like.
See? I don t need to
keep fighting you because
I ve already won
So go crawl off
someplace and hide.
I don t really care.
[GOKU CONTINUES]
Like I said it s done
I m going back to Earth.
If I leave now, I ll make
it back right on time
Your days of terrorizing
the universe are over
I don t ever want to
see your face again.
Why, you
That is the last straw!
You lie.
[FRIEZA]
I am not beaten!
Not yet!
I warned you
but you didn t listen!
I gave you one last chance
to walk away and you blew it!
Frieza!
[FRIEZA LAUGHS]
[FRIEZA] That will slice through
anything in its path
and it will follow
anywhere you go!
[FRIEZA CRAZY LAUGH]
I see your strategy...!
You ll swerve at the last
second and try to send
my own attack after me!
Do you actually think
I m going to fall for
a two-bit tactic like that?!
[FRIEZA]
Try me!
Take that!
Over here, Frieza!
An after-image, eh...?
Well done, monkey
You re getting creative.
I ll say again There is
just no point in fighting you
anymore, not like this
Especially now that
you re resorting to amateur
attacks like that one.
If you really want to decide
a winner, then fine...
But first, build your power back
up and learn a few new moves!
[FRIEZA THINKING]
Amateur attacks ...?
Learn a few new moves ?!
Goku...! You re
almost out of time...!
Planet Namek is
about to explode! Hurry!
C mon, Dad !
So My technique
is amateurish...?
Well, then
If that s the case
Let s try two!
Come on That s it?
You can run... but
it doesn t matter
where you hide,
they will find you!
Escape is impossible
You re delaying the inevitable!
Knock it off...!
Just give up already!
Ah This move again You re
not as clever as I thought.
Try it all you like
I ll never fall for it!
Come out and face me, coward!
I will not admit defeat to a
dirty Saiyan not ever!
Watch out, Frieza! Stay down!
[FRIEZA]
It can t be!
What...? What is it...?
Is it Goku...? What happened?
Please, tell us...!
He lost, didn t he?
[KING KAI] That s not it
Goku defeated Frieza!
[NARRATOR] The end is near
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
CLOSING SONG
Hey! It s me, Goku...!
What a miserable fate.
But you brought it on yourself.
[FRIEZA] I ll get you,
you rotten monkey!
[GOKU] It s a fitting end for a
monster like you Looks like
you ll be going down with
the planet you destroyed!
On the next
Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Goku s Final Attack!
[FRIEZA]
Someone help me Please!